Q1. What is Emmet?
* ans:- Emmet is a boilerplate code used to start a basic html project. Basically it has
all the metadata needed to start a simple html project.

Q2. Difference between a Library and Framework?
ans :- FrameWork can be though of as a blueprint  based on which you build your house is built.
Library is more like a furniture which you can place anywhere in your house as is required.
#FRAMEWORK
a). Provides ready to use standards , tools, templates for fast app development
b). Intent of a Framework is to reduce complexities of creating an app.

#LIBRARY
a). Provides lines of codes written by someone else to solve some existing problem.
b).Intent of Library is to provide reusable code.

Inversion of control:-

With Framework the control to calling libraries is given to the framwork you are using, 
With libraries you have the complete control over when and where to use it
 

Q3. What is CDN? Why do we use it?
ans :- CDN stands for Content Delivery Network , these are geographically spread 
networks used for making content delivery Faster by storing your frontend data in a
server closer to your users geographical location 
Though it may seem like a normal web host , it is not!
While a CDN does not host content and can’t replace the need for proper web hosting, 
it does help cache content at the network edge, which improves website performance.
Many websites struggle to have their performance needs met by traditional hosting
services, which is why they opt for CDNs.


Q4). Why is React known as React?
ans :- React is a free and open source library developed by facebook , which is used to
make UI based on UI components.
React is known as react because of its ability to re-render itself when there 
is a change in its components.


Q5). What is crossorigin in script tag?
ans :- crossorigin is a security feature in html, an html page can 
have muliple resources from many different sources , with crossorigin attribute
you have the ability to either give or not give information about the user to 
these third party websites.
You can either set it as anonymous (no info is given) or
use-credentials(info is givrn)

  
Q6).  What is diference between React and ReactDOM?
ans :- React consist of all the libraries modules and methods required to build 
the application
ReactDOM is used rendering the UI to the browser


Q7). What is difference between react.development.js and 
react.production.js files via CDN?
ans :- react.development.js file is used during the development stage
of an application,
react.production.js files are more minified & optimized file needed
during the production stage of an application


Q8). What is async and defer? - see my Youtube video ;)
ans :- async and defer are both used in the script tag for fetching data parallely
and hence both make html parsing faster.
#async
When the browser encounters a script tag it parallely fetches it(url of script tag)
,while continuing the execution of html file and as soon as the script tag is fetched
the browser stops html parsing and starts executing the script tag,
though this increases the speed of parsing the problem it encounters is that if 
there are multiple script tags which depend on other script tags , then sequential 
execution is necessary but ASYNC does not ensure that the script tags would be 
executed sequentially.
#defer 
all the script tags are fetched parallely but the execution happens only after the
whole html file is parsed , this ensures that the script tags are also executed
sequentially
